Bettie Sophie, I just closed the shop.

I thought you were coming?  

I have to finish this.  I hope you enjoy.  

OK, I'm off.  

Let's go girls.  Wait up!  Isn't anything wrong with my dress, is it?  Check 
it out!  Howl's castle is there.  

Yeah?  The castle?  Where?  It's over there!  Wow!  So close!  

Oh, my. . .  I wonder if Howl is in town.  

Oh, it's gone!  It just hidden in the mist.  Didn't you see those battle 
ships just passed in front of the window?  

Have you heard of a girl, Martha, lives in South town?  Her heart was stolen 
by Howl.  

I'm scared. . .  Don't worry.  He won愒 go after yours.  

Come on, girls!  Hurry up!  

How do you know that?  

Hey, you, little mouse.  Are you looking for something?  

No, sir.  Nothing.  

Then, how about having a cup of tea with us?  

No thanks.  I'm in a hurry

She is really a little mouse!  

Yes.  .  how old are you?  You live in this town?  

Please let me go!  

You scared her, it愀 because of your mustache mate.  

She is cute especially when she gets angry.  

There you are.  

I was looking for you!  

.  

Who the hell are you?  I'm her buddy

By the way, why don't you go for a walk for a while

What?  What's going on?  My body is automatically. . .  

They didn't mean to hurt you.  

Please forgive them.  

Where are you going, Miss?  Let me escort you for a while.  

No, thanks.  I just go to a shop to see some designs.  

Behave naturally.  I'm being chased by someone.  

Let's walk.  

Sorry, I didn't mean to get you involved.  

Here!  

Relax.  Keep walking.  

There you go.  Don't be afraid

Very well.  

I'll be a decoy.  You better wait for a while before you go.  OK

Good girl.  

Here, you are.  Thank you, sir.  I wish I could buy a chocolate as sweet as 
you, Bettie.  

My sister?  

We expect you to come back soon, Bettie.  

Sissy!  

Are you OK?  I heard you sprinkled over the terrace.  You became an angel or 
something?  

Uh,I. . .  ,it's like I'm dreaming.  

Bettie, why don't you guys talk in the office?  

Thank you.  But I'm still working.  

Seriously?  Isn't he a wizard or something, is he?  

He was very gentle.  

And he saved me.  

So you had your heart stolen, haven't you?  

If that wizar had been Howl, your heart would have been eaten.  

It wasn't him.  I heard his targets are beautiful girls.  

You must be more careful.  Listen.  It's getting dangerous out there.  Some 
say recently even "Witch in the Waste Land" is out there.  

Sissy!  .  

Bettie, Madeline is ready.  

OK, wait a sec.  oke

I'm off.  Now I feel better and relaxed after seeing your bright face

Hi, Bettie.  How are you?  I'm fine.  

Sophie, are you serious you're gonna continue to work in the shop for the 
rest of your life?  

I saw dad loved the shop.  And I'm his first daughter.  So. . .  

I'm asking if you really want to take over the shop because you like to make 
hats.  

Uh, I. . .  See you, Bettie.  You come by the shop sometime.  OK?  Oke

I'm off.  You must decide what YOU really wanna be!  

Uh, Madam, the shop is closed.  I'm sorry.  I thought I'd locked the door 
already.  

How miserable this shop looks like.  You sell such cheap hats, don't you?  
This shop suits a girl like you

There's nothing special in this ordinary downtown hat shop

Would you please come tomorrow, Madam?  

You have guts.  I wonder if you know me, "Witch in the Waste Land".  .  

"Witch in the Waste Land"?  

This curse can't be dispelled by a human.  Say hello to Howl.  

Is it. . .  ,me. . .  ?  Oh, my God. . .  

Calm down.  .  

There's nothing to be worried.  Ok, Sophie.  Relax.  

I'm home!  Welcome back, ma'am.  

What do you think about my dress?  This fashion is very popular in 
Kingsberry.  Fantastic!  

It suits you very well, ma'am.  This is gonna be definitely accepted in this 
town as well.  Don't you think?  

Sophie!  Sophie!  

Ma'am, Lady Sophie hasn't come yet today.  

That's weird.  

Really !  ?  

Don't.  You don't wanna open the door.  I caught a bad cold.  You don't wanna 
be infected, do you?  

You've got horrible voice, haven't you?  It's like   -year-old grandma is 
speaking.  

So, I decided to stay in my room today

Ok.  If you say so. . .  I'll see you later

What the hell. . .  You'll be OK, Sophie.  Your cloths suit you better than 
before, by the way.  

I can't stay here any longer.  

Ouch!  I don't want backache yet at my age.  

Grandma, let me help.  

I can handle it.  Thank you for your kindness.  

I don't mind to give you a ride, grandma.  But, where are you goingI'm going 
a bit further from your destination.  

Granny, I think you're going to the wrong place, where only witches are 
wondering around.  I appreciate your advice

Is she going to Naquie Valley at this time?  She told me that she is meeting 
with her youngest sister.  

It seems I still have long way to go.  

Thank goodness.  Fortunately, my teeth are as well as before.  

That is best suitable as a cane, isn't it?  

Well, then. . .  Ouch!  I hope it's not too chunky.  

Ouch.  My waist kills me. . .  How stiff is it!  

I will never give up!  Come on!  

A Scarecrow. . .  ,isn't it?  I thought you were one of her goons

Wait a sec. . .  Why can you stand by your self?  

Your head is made of turnip, isn't it?  

I hate turnip ever since I was a small kid.  

You look better to stand up straight, don't you?  Work hard.  

It's cold.  I haven't reached so far yet, have I?  Besides, the town looks 
still close.  

Don't follow me!  I don't expect you to repay my favor.  

I'm fed up with witch and curse stuff!  

You are controlled by magic or something, aren't you?  

Stay there.  Don't follow me!  

For me?  This is perfect!  Thank you, sweet scarecrow.  

You can't bring a small house to stay tonight, can you?  

I enjoy pearls of wisdom thanks to aging.  

What a huge battle ship

I wonder where this smell is coming from. . .  

It would be wonderful if there was a lodge or something.  

Hello, again, turnip head.  But isn't that Howl's castle?  

Yes, I asked you to bring a house, but this is. . .  

What the hell is this?  Is it. . .  a castle?  

Is that the entrance?  

Why don't you slow down a bit!  

Hey!  Fidgety castle!  You let me in or not?  Make up your mind!  

My scarf. . .  !  

It seems warm inside the castle anyway, I'll say thank you, turnip head.  

I hope Howl doesn't eat such an old woman's heart.  

Good bye, turnip head.  You are a good turnip.  

Good luck!  

What's going on?  It's like I'm in an old house.  

Good thing about getting old is not to be surprised often.  

Sophisticated curse you've got, haven't you?  

It's gonna be really hard to dispel it.  

Fire,. . .  is talking.  

And you can't tell it to other people.  

You are. . .  ,Howl?  

No.  I'm an evil spirit, Calucifer

Then, Calucifer.  Can you dispel the curse on me?  

Yeah.  That's pretty easy.  I'll dispel the curse on you right away, if you 
let me be free.  

That means I make a deal with an evil, doesn't it?  Are you sure that you can 
keep such a promise like this?  

You see, I'm an evil.  I never keep promises.  

Find someone else, then.  

Are you gonna abandon such a pity evil like me with no mercy?  I've been 
bound by Howl's magic.  

 So I have no freedom.  Look at this castle, I am the one who is running this 
castle.  See?  

Is that so. . .  , what a pity evil.  

If you found out and spelled out the secret behind Howl and me, my curse 
would be dispelled.  If you will do it for me, I'll dispel your curse,  

too.  

Ok, then.  .  Deal is made.  

Hey, are you listening, granny?  

Oh,no. . .  I'm nervous.  

Wow!  Who is this?  "Harbor town", it is.  

I wonder when she came in.  

Well, well.  There, you are, town mayor

Sun is already high in the sky.  Is Master Jenkins home?  

My master is away.  I'll pass your message to him, if you don't mind.  

It's an invitation letter from His Majesty.  War is about to begin.  

He orders wizards, magicians and even witches to join the war

Denial is not accepted.  See you, then.  

I hate war

Who are you?  

Calucifer let me in.  

I didn't.  We came from "Waste Land"

From "Waste Land"?  That's bizarre

Aren't you a witch, are you?  

Witches can't come in.  You know that?  

 It "Harbor town",  is again.  

Is someone out there?  

I'm coming.  

What can I do for you, little miss?  

I got a message from my mom, sir.  

The same spell as the previous one, isn't it?  Yes, sir.  

You have to be quiet, OK!  

Oh, my. . .  It's not "Waste Land" here. . .  

Granny?  Are you also a witch?  

Witch?  Yes, I am.  I'm the most fearful witch in this country.  

If you spread out this powder, good wind will treat your ship.  OK.  

She really works hard for her mother.  

You shouldn't scare such a little girl like that.  

You should stop that disguise like that

Disguise?  This is magic!  

Kings berry's door!  

I'm coming.  

Is this wizard Pen dragon's house?  

Right.  

I got an invitation letter from His Majesty for him.  

Please tell him to come to the palace.  

I will definitely.  

I feel as if I'm in a kingdom.  

Come in.  Or you惻l lose your nose.  

Please, stop bothering me.  

Stop messing around!  Don't make me mad.  

This is a magic house, isn't it?  

Are you listening?  Where does this black mark lead to?  Master Howl only 
knows.  

I'll have my breakfast.  

You've got bacon and egg!  

Master Howl only can control that evil fire.  

I can handle it.  

Impossible.  Calucifer only listens to Master Howl's order.  

He's right.  I hate cooking.  

Oh, my. . .  My hat is here.  

Now Calucifer.  I'm counting on you.  

No way!  I'm an evil.  I won't help anyone.  

Are you sure?  I can spill water over you, or I can have a little talk with 
Howl about our deal.  

All right!  I'll do it!  I shouldn't have let such an evil granny like you in 
the castle. . .  

What's your answer, little evil?  

That's it.  You understand very well.  

I'll give you burnt bacon!  

She controls Calucifer. . .  

Next, I want a cup of tea.  Do you have a teapot?  Yes.  

Welcome back, Master Howl, You got a letter from the king

Also Jenkins and Pen dragon did.  

Calucifer, you are a good boy today, aren't you?  What happened to you?  

She bullied me!  

Not many people can do this

Who are you?  

My name is Sophie.  I'm the new cleaning lady.  

Give it to me.  

Can you pass me another slice of bacon and six eggs?  

Who decided you to be the cleaning lady?  

I decided by myself.  I've never seen such a dirty house in my life.  

Marker give me a dish!  

Everybody bullies me!  

Come on join us, Mrs.  Sophie.  

You can sit here.  

Choose one of them.  

Don't worry.  They are all clean.  

Here you are, Marker.  Thank you, master.  

This is for you, Mrs.  Sophie.  Tha. . .  thank you.  

Everyone, let's start breakfast.  Thank you, Sophie.  Thank you, Sophie.  

It's been a while since I had such a gorgeous breakfast.  

I seem to have lots of things to teach.  

By the way, what's inside your pocket?  

What's this?  I don't remember. . .  Let me have a look.  

It's a magic spell!  Isn't this. . .  , Master Howl?  

This is really an old magic and it's powerful, too.  

Isn't it the "Witch in Waste Land", is it, master?  

"He, the one who grasped a shooting star. . .  ,such a mindless man, your 
heart is mine.  "

It messed up the table.  

Unbelievable!  It's gone!  You can't see it anymore, but the curse is still 
there, I'm afraid.  

Everyone, you may continue breakfast.  

Calucifer, move the castle like another   miles.  

It's delicious!  Send me a hot water to the bathroom

At the same time?  You're killing me!  

Are you a follower of the "Witch in Waste Land"?  

UUUUuuuggghhhaaaaaaaaa!  !  !  

Don't be a fool!  I am the one who, . . .  who,. . .  uh,. . .  ugh

That witch!  I won't forgive her!  

Come on!  Let's finish it!  

Bloody worms!  Get out off my way!  Or I'll kick you out!  Everybody is 
making fun of me!  

I have something I want you to put spell on.  I'm busy now.  Maybe later.  

I've got a violent witch, trying to destroy everything in the house.  

Sophie!  Are you listening, Sophie?  

Help!  Give me firewood, or I'll disappear!  

Wh. . .  , what are you doing?  No!  Wait!  I can't hold it anymore!  

Let me put away those ashes

I'll do it quickly.  Don't worry.  

No!  Don't!  You are killing me!  

Please help me!  I'm falling down!  I, . . .  I can't hold it anymore. . .  
P, Please!  

Sophie!  Help!  Hurry!  P, Please!  Sophie!  Help!  Hurry!  
Uuuuuaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!  !  !  

You almost killed my friend.  Be careful next time.  

Master Howl?  Where are you going?  

Tell Sophie not to clean too much.  

Sophie, did you do something wrong?  

You nearly killed me!  

If I die, so does Howl!  

I'm a cleaning lady!  My job is to clean everything!  

No, Sophie!  You aren't allowed to go up to the  nd floor!  

If I were you, I would hide something important immediately

You can clean my room later!  

Since I shouted, I feel I got my power back.  

What a strange house. . .  

Fantastic!  Calucifer, Calucifer?  

Are you really running this castle?  

I am!  So what?  

Great, Calucifer!  Your magic is really wonderful!  You do a great job!  

Really. . .  ?  Really!  ?  

Oops!  Not yet!  Come on!  

What a beautiful lake.  .  That is called "Star Ocean".  

Something's stuck in that hole.  

Oh, my. . .  Marker, give me a hand.  Come on.  Almost there. . .  

A scarecrow!  

His name is "turnip head".  

Hey, you.  You really like to be upsidedown, don't you?  

I met many strange things, didn't I?  He followed me.  

Aren't you really a witch?  

Yes, indeed.  I'm the tidiest witch in this country.  

You愉e pulling too much, turnip head!  

He seems to like laundries, doesn't he?  

Thanks to him, they will dry faster.  

Maybe, turnip head is an evil too, because Calucifer doesn't complain about 
anything.  

You may be right.  He might be the Death.  Whatever he is, I'm very happy

Because I couldn't have come to such a wonderful place like this without him.  

Sophie, I put all the laundries into the castle.  

Ah, thank you.  I think it's time to go back to the castle.  

Strange. . .  , I've never felt so relaxed like this before.  

You, stink.  The smell is like an animal and burnt iron.  

If you fly for too long, you'll never be able to return to the normal shape

Isn't it great?  Sophie gave me these firewoods.  

War started.  It was a sea of flame from southern ocean to northern boundary. 
. .  

I hate fire that comes from gunpowder.  

I was attacked by someone similar in kind

"Witch in Waste Land"?  

No.  They weren't any matche for me, but they had already turned into 
monsters

Sooner or later, they will definitely regret themselves.  

They won't be able to go back to human form.  

They are fine.  They've already forgotten how to regret.  

Howl You've been called by the king, haven't you?  

Yeah.  Would you send me a hot water to the bathroom?  

What?  Again?  

Is it Howl?  I think he uses too much hot water.  

I think Master Howl will never eat it.  Let's see what happens.  

Good morning.  Good morning.  

I love markets in the morning.  I've never seen the sea before

Isn't it beautiful?  It's like there are diamonds in the water.  It's always 
the same.  

Thank you.  Bye.  Come again.  

I hate potato.  You pay.  

They are all fresh just came out of the sea.  

I hate fish.  

Fleet is back!  T hey are back!  Really?  

They seemed to have gotten  a serious damage.  

You are kidding!  I'll be back soon, ma'am.  

It's going to sink!  

Hold on!  You're nearly there!  

Sophie, let's go closer.  

I'm scared.  I'm not going.  Please. . .  .  That ship was the state-of-the-
art battleship.  I wonder what could beat it.  

Marker, I see a "dark human".  

Huh. . .  ?  Don't look at him!  

He is one of  "Witch in Waste Land's " followers

I guess normal humans can't see him.  

There!  Over there!  Look at it!  It dropped the bomb!  

Sophie, look!  That's an enemy's battleship!  

Sophie, stop!  Sophie!  You that isn愒 him .  

Don't pick up our enemy's fliers!  

Sophie, are you ok?  

I need a glass of water.  

aaahhhhhhhhh!  !  !  !  Sophie you touched something in the cabinet in the 
bathroom, didn't you?  

Look at this!  It's your fault!  I don't want this hair color!  

You have beautiful hair.  

Look more carefully!  Sophie, because YOU rearranged stuff up there, my spell 
got messed up!  

I didn't do such a thing.  I just cleaned the bathroom.  

That's why I told you not to clean everything too much!  

I'm ruined . . .  

What a humiliation. . .  

Your hair doesn't look that bad.  

That color is not bad either.  

I'm hopeless.  I'm not handsome anymore. . .  I want to die.  

Howl, calm down.  Stop!  

He summons a dark spirit.  He summoned it before, when he was refused by a 
girl.  

OK, Howl.  Nothing gets better by doing this.  

You can change your hair color again, can't you?  That's enough.  Do whatever 
you want!  I've never been beautiful!  

I don't wanna stay here anymore!  

Thank you, "turnip head".  You're a kind scarecrow.  

Come back, Sophie.  Master Howl is in trouble.  

Howl, stop it!  Or I'll disappear!  

Sophie!  Hurry up!  

I have to clean that up after all, don't I?  Is he dead. . .  ?  

He'll be OK.  nobody died, because of being short-tempered.  Marker, I need 
your help.  

I need lots of hot water.  

Come on.  You'll be OK.  

Thanks, Marker.  See you later.  

I have to start it all over again

Look.  I'm coming in.  

I made hot milk.  It'll make you warm

I'll put it here.  You should drink it before it gets cold.  

Please stay with me, Sophie

.  

Do you want to drink milk?  

"Witch in Waste Land" is looking for this castle.  

Really?  I saw her follower at the harbor.  

I'm actually a coward.  

These interiors are all amulets.  I've been scared every second.  

Why on earth have you been targeted by "Witch in Waste Land"?  

She was totally evil-minded.  

I'm the one who had contact with her, because I found her interesting.  

And then, I ran away.  

And this time, I was summoned by the king.  

Also Jenkins and Pen dragon were.  

How many names do you have, Howl?  

Several names enough to live my life of freedom. . .  I see.  

You have no choice but to obey the king's order?  

Look!  .  

I had to have a contract with the king when I entered the school of magic.  

So, Howl, why don't you go and see the king, then?  

 Say to him, "I don't want to help you with this stupid war.  ".  

Sophie you can say it easily, because you don't know what kind of people they 
are.  

He's the king, isn't he?  He's supposed to care about his people, isn't he?  

That's right!  Sophie, you can go to see the king!  What do you mean?  

You go as Pen dragon's mom.  

And say, "My son is coward and useless.  ".  

If you say so, Madam Saliman might give up.  

Madam Saliman?  

After all your work to clean my cloths.  

Do you still wear that hat?  

I'm off.  See you guys later.  

See you later.  

Good luck, Sophie.  It'll protects you from "Witch in Waste Land".  

You're gonna be fine.  I'm coming with you by transforming into something

Good luck!  .  

I doubt if it's gonna work. . .  

He's supposed to protect me.  I hope that crow isn't him.  

I think Howl transformed into something identical.  

I hope he's not that one.  

Still long way to go to get to the palace

Howl, are you Howl?  

You are mean.  You didn't need to become an OLD dog!  

You don't know how stressful and tiring it is to be an OLD lady.  

Hello, again.  Aren't you the shop keeper of the hat shop?  

Isn't she "Witch in Waste Land"?  

Thank you for handing the letter to Howl.  

How is he doing?  

He was trembling in fear.  I'm working for him as a cleaning lady, by the 
way.  

It's good for you.  

But why do you need to go to the palace?  

I'm asking the government for job.  I'm fed up with being Howl's cleaning 
lady.  

How about you?  What are you doing here?  

I'm going to see the king.  

it finally seems that Saliman, that idiot, can't do it without me anymore.  

I'm not interested in that topic.  But dispel this curse you put on me.  

Unfortunately, no.  I can spell the curse on, but I can't dispel it.  
Farewell.  

Ciao.  

Wait, you can't go!  Wait!  

I would have gone up to her and hit her, if you hadn't  been like that!  

What's going on?  What happened to you guys?  

Madam, magic is forbidden from here on .  

You can only walk.  

Is that you, Saliman?  Do you want ME to go up stairs on foot?  

I'm catching up.  You can 't stare at her like that.  

Oh, my. . .  !  I hate this.  Why are you so heavy?  

Hey!  You!  Why don't you wait for me?  

What do you want?  Did you remember how to dispel my curse?  

I said I forgot.  I can't dispel.  

You'd better study hard!  

I don't understand. . .  Why is she still that vital?  

Let me have a small break.  

Hey, you!  You'd better give up today.  It's impossible for you to climb all 
the way to the top.  

Since. . .  , I. . .  , was. . .  , kicked out. . .  , of the palace. . .  ,    
years ago. . .  ,

I had been. . .  , waiting for  this chance. . .  

Do whatever you want, then unfortunately I can't be kind to you to take your 
hand.  

Come on, Howl.  

How cold-hearted are you!  I'll turn you into even OLDER women next time!  

Come on!  Hurry!  Quick, quick!  

Hello, Madam.  This way, please.  

But, I think you should help that lady down there, first.  

We are not allowed to take anyone's hand, I'm afraid, Madam.  

How cruel!  Didn't the king summon us to the palace?  

Hey, you!  Keep up!  You can do it!  

You're nearly there.  

Don't you have more stamina?  

Shut up!  !  

You look terribly and older in such a short period.  

Mrs.  Pen dragon, and "Witch in Waste Land"!  

Are you OK?  You wanted to come here, didn't you?  

Mrs.  Pen dragon, and "Witch in Waste Land"!  

Pen dragon?  I've heard of that name before. . .  

Of course you do.  This is the name of the hat shop I was working for.  

I doubt it!  .  

Wait here please.  .  

Howl, come over here!  

Come this way please, Madam.  

You are Howl's mother?  

My name is Pen dragon, your highness.  

You're tired, aren't you?  You may sit there.  

Thank you.  

How do you do?  My name is Saliman, a royal sorcerer.  

Ah. . .  , your highness?  That dog is. . .  

This dog?  His name is Hean, my lovely

I asked him to guide you all the way here.  

So, you want to say Howl is not coming, is he?  

Howl, my son, is such a coward and a incapable wizard.  

Your highness I don't think he can help the king.  

I'm disappointed. . .  Oh,

Howl was my last apprentice. . .  

He used to be incredibly talented.  

I even thought about giving him my position soon.  

I was so pleased of it.  

however his heart was stolen  by evil, and then he left right after. . .  

He began to use magic for his own purpose.  

Howl's mother.  Yes.  

He is too dangerous he's got too much power, but he doesn't have enough 
strength in is heart to control it.  

I'm afraid he's going to be like "Witch in Waste Land" if you don't do 
anything for him.  

Bring her here.  .  

Hey, you!  Are you OK?  

She's all right.  I brought her back to her real age.  

She has  no magic power anymore.  

She also used to be very talented in magic.  

Since she made deals with evils gradually her body and soul had been eaten 
up.  

Now, the kingdom is not going to allow those back-alley wizards and witches 
to live unchecked.  

I'm going to tell him how to end his deal with evils

if you bring him here and he promises he'll be devoted to the king.  

If he doesn't come, I'll take away all his power.  

Like that poor lady.  

Your highness,

Now I see why Howl didn't want to come here.  

Something's wrong here.  

You let old ladies like us climb up such a long stair without any help, even 
though you summoned us.  

And you led us to a strange room like that.  It's like a trap!  

Howl has no heart?  

You are right in a way that he's coward and selfish, and sometimes I can't 
see what he's thinking.  

But he is honest.  He just wants to live with freedom.  He's not coming.  

He's not going to be evil.  

And he can handle his relationship by himself.  

I believe so.  

Howl's mother, you are in love with him, aren't you

Howl, Howl's coming?  

I want to eat his heart.  I want it!  

You, why don't you just give up?  Howl's not coming!  

Yes, he is.  

I found his weak point

Your Majesty.  You should still stay in bed, Saliman

Do you feel better?  

I feel well today, Your Majesty.  I got bored with meetings, so I took a walk 
in the sky for a while.  

Good for you, Your Majesty.  Who are those ladies?  

She is mother of the  wizard Howl.  

I'm glad to see you,I pretty appreciate Saliman's effort, but I don't think I 
will use magic in battle

In fact, enemy's bombs never reach this palace because of Saliman's magic 
power.  

Instead, they do it to surrounding towns, I'm afraid.  

That's the way it is.  Don't you think, Saliman?  

Absolutely.  You are very philosophical today, Your Majesty.  

There you are, Saliman!  

Finally, we're getting into the final battle!  

We must beat them completely in this Saliman, this time you made such a 
brilliant double.  I'll come back with good news!  

I'm looking forward to hearing it, Your Majesty.  

All generals are ready?  Yes.  

It's been a while, Howl.  

I'm so glad to see you again, Master.  

I knew it was you.  

I didn't break the promise.  

That's because,

I don't want to fight against you, Master.  

I'm going home with my mother.  

I won't let you go.  

Don't look at the ground.  She is extremely powerful.  

Show your mother your real identity!  

Howl, no!  

Hang on tight!  

Sophie, move to the front!  

After all, you brought everybody with you, didn't you?  

doggy

You are on Saliman's side, aren't you?  

I want you to get you off somewhere.  You can't fly, can you?  

Sophie, you drive.  

Are you kidding?  That's insane!  

They are catching up!  Already

I'll take care of them.  Sophie, you keep flying to the castle in Waste Land, 
OK?  

Are you serious?  I've never even driven a car!  

Did you forget you are wearing the ring?  It will guide you to the castle.  

Call Calucifer in your hand.  

Call Calucifer. . .  ?  

It worked.  

Head to the direction the light is pointing at.  That's it.  I suppose you'll 
get there by the evening.  

I think I didn't need to go to the palace, because you came after all!  

I did, because you were there, Sophie

I couldn't have been there if I had been without you.  

You saved me.  

It was really close I tell you.  

Don't release the wheel suddenly!  

You drive very well.  No way!  

Wow, you threw them away a bit.  

I'll make them blind for five seconds, so that you can go further.  

Howl!  

No, thanks.  

Thanks.  It was really an exciting moment.  

Howl believes he escaped successfully, but he didn't.  

He has  a very young mother, doesn't he by the way?  

Don't expect me to be friendly with you.  

Besides, I still don't trust you.  You know that?  

The castle is there!  It's welcoming us!  

Over here, Sophie!  

Marker!  I have a little problem.  Where is the brake!  ?  

Sophie!  

Doggy!  .  

I'm successfully home, Marker!  

Are you OK, Sophie?  

I'm was very worried about you!  

Thank you for catching us.  

That's no good!  You did too much!  

Was it Howl?  Did he come back?  

Howl!  

Howl !  Are you OK, Howl?  

You got injured, didn't you does it.  .  hurt?  

Don't. . .  , come. . .  

I came to help you!  I want to set you free from the curse put on you!  

You should dispel your own curse first.  And why do you try to do this for 
monster like me?  

Because I'm in love with you!  

It's too late!  

Howl

Howl did come back, didn't he?  

Sophie, I want to set the curse between Howl and me free.  Don't you still 
know the secret between us yet?  

Our time is ticking to the end. . .  

Howl is turning into a demon, isn't he?  

Is that right?  

I can't tell you the truth!  .  Because I'm an evil.  You know that!  

Listen, Calucifer.  Saliman told me Howl gave you something very important 
for him.  

What and where is it?  

I can't speak about the secret of the contract.  

Or I'll give you water.  

Didn't you hear?  If I die, Howl dies too.  

Good morning, "turnip head".  Are you allright.  

All right, Sophie!  Come on!  

OK!  Calucifer, open the mouse bigger!  ,  ,  , GO!  Come on!  

Hang on tight!  Let's get it through!  

Why. . .  , don't. . .  , you MOVE!  !  !  

It's a bunch of bits and pieces inside the castle.  I can't imagine it from 
the outside.  

Everyone!  It's time for lunch!  

Here's your porridge, granny.  

Sophie, she's "Witch in Waste Land".  Why do you take care of her?  

She is a harmless poor old lady now.  

She's staring at me all the time.  

What a beautiful fire. . .  

Howl?  Hey, everybody!  

Welcome back.  Master howl, may I keep this dog?  

"Witch in Waste Land" and Master Saliman's dog?, I'm impressed you got all of 
them in the castle, Calucifer.  

How tolerant you are.  

I didn't granted!  But Sophie forced me to let them in!  

What a big hole you made!  

You are "Turnip head", right?  

You've also got a complicated curse on you, haven't you?  

There are full of mysterious members who have sophisticated backgrounds in 
our family.  

How handsome you are, young boy.  

Well, it's gonna be very busy today.  !  !  We're saying goodbye to "Waste 
Land" and moving to somewhere else.  

But to where. . .  ?  Great!  Because we're running out of food, we needed a 
house in a town so that we can go shopping.  

That's right.  We have to move to a place where Master Saliman can't find us 
so easily.  

But I'm afraid you must stay here, because your magic power is too strong.  

This is lovely.  

OK, come on calucifer!  

Yes!  This is perfect!  Stay on the table until I finish the ritual

I'm fragile, you know. . .  

Let's begin.  

Here's our destination.  

You can move around in our new house.  Wow!  Super cool, Master Howl!  What a 
big house!  

What a beautiful fire. . .  

It's. . .  Look at the toilet.  Lovely, isn't it?  Now we got bigger family.  

Sophie, come down here.  Look!  Sophie!  

I added one more room you can look inside the room.  

I'm familiar with this room.  But why. . .  ?  

I made this room for you, Sophie.  I hope you like it.  

Let's see. . .  This room is too nice for a cleaning lady, Howl.  

I bought new cloths for you.  Come with me for the next surprise.  

Sophie!  Come on!  Hurry up!  

Wow, we've got courtyard!  There are many shops in this town as well.  

Let's go, Hean!  Sophie

Since we changed the door color,

 This is the new entrance of the castle.  

This is a present for you, Sophie.  Here we go.  

This is my secret garden.  Fantastic.  

This is also what you created by the magic?  

No.  I used magic only for helping weak flowers.  

Magnificent!  It's wonderful, Howl!  It's like a dream. . .  

Sophie.  

It's strange. . .  I feel familiar with this place as if I've been here 
before. . .  

I don't know why, but tears are coming out. . .  

Come with me.  

Look!  

What a cute house.  That's my hiding place.  

I used to stay there alone in summer when I was a kid.  

Stayed alone. . .  ?  

My uncle left that lodge stealthily for me.  He was also a wizard.  

That's also for you, Sophie.  

Is something wrong with you?  If go there, you'll go somewhere far away and 
leave me behind, won't you?  

Howl, tell me the truth.  I don't care about your real identity.  

Listen, I just want you to live in peace.  

How about opening a flower shop and sharing beautiful flowers in here with 
people in the town?  

I think you can handle it.  

Are you leaving after that?  

I want to help you.  

Obviously, I'm not a beautiful girl.  Only thing I can do is clean the house, 
though.  

Sophie, you are beautiful.  You really are.  

Good thing about being old is to have fewer things to lose.  

How could anyone pass the beautiful place like this by a bloody battleship?  

To where's it heading?  To towns to kill people. . .  

Is that enemy or. . .  ?  Both do the same thing.  They kill each other.  

They are addicted to killing.  

Look at the amount of bombs they are carrying.  

It stopped. . .  Did you use magic?  

A little bit.  It's not going down, anyway.  

Howl, you. . .  I wonder if they found us.  

They are Master Saliman's lowest class monsters.  

Run!  Move your legs!  

Sophie, what's the matter?  

Ouch!  This is enough!  I'm leaving this house!  

Sophie, good night.  Good night

Sophie, you don't need to be worried about Master Howl.  He sometimes leaves 
the house for a few days.  

Thanks, Marker.  

Do you want to go to the toilet before you go to bed?  I'm fine.  

You are in love with Howl, aren't you?  

And you can't concentrate on what you do, can you?  

I got it

Granny, have you ever been in love with someone?  Of course, I have.  

Even I do know.  Are you kidding !  I love young men's heart.  They are 
delicious!  

You haven't given up, have you?  

And they are cute.  

What's that sound?  That's air-raid siren.  

Air-raid?  

That's not for this city though, you'd better not to go out tonight.  

Saliman's monsters are looking for this house.  

You are such a clever fire. . .  Hiding this house from them very skillfully.  

Sophie, that woman came into the house without permission.  

Mom.  .  Sophie!  

Where were you?  !  I've been looking for you

You look like a granny.  

It's all my fault.  

Sophie, I'm sorry.  

Oh, mom. . .  

You rearranged inside completely.  

Who is that old lady over there?  Ah, she must be the landlord.  

Sophie, listen.  I married with someone else.  What?  

He is gentle.  He's rich as well.  We can live together again.  

You should quit being a clean lady.  

Thank you for caring about me, but I love my life here.  

Are you sure?  Oh, no!  

I forgot my car's waiting outside.  I have to go.  

Poisonous sneak created by a spell?  Saliman, you use an old ploy, don't you?  

Calucifer, burn it.  

I'm always praying  for your happiness, mom.  Thank you.  You, too Sophie.  

I did what I was told.  I want to go back to my husband.  Sure.  Madam 
Saliman will be proud of you.  

So sorry. . .  , Sophie.  

So many people. . .  After everyone runs away, the town will be empty. . .  

Do you want to evacuate with them, too?  

That lady said so.  You're right.  

We were reconciled to each other.  

I don't want you to leave, Sophie!  

I like you very much, Sophie.  Please live with us.  

I like you very much, too Marker.  I won't go anywhere.  Really?  

You and I are family?  Of course, we are.  

I was so worried about it.  

I won't give you Howl, Saliman.  

The paper says the kingdom won.  Only the youth believe that.  

Strange. . .  , Calucifer doesn't seem to be there.  

Granny, I hate smoke.  The smell is everywhere in the house.  

Are you going to take away my only enjoyment?  

Would you open the window, Marker?  

I think you shouldn't open the window.  

Calucifer's weak now.  Monsters are coming in.  

Marker?  

Close it quickly!  

Marker, you take care of granny.  

I'm going to watch the shop.  

I can't believe it in such an emergency!  Why don't you guys put out fire?  

Howl!  

They have no mercy.  

Oh, Howl!  

Sorry, I'm late.  There were too many enemies tonight.  

Howl. . .  Howl

Calucifer, get up!  

Madam, is it a present from Saliman?  

That granny had me eating something bad.  

Well, there you are, Howl.  

I wish we could have a longer talk, Howl.  

My pleasure, Madam.  

 However, we've got no time, I'm afraid.  

I'm impressed you don't run away from me this time.  

I talk to you later, Madam.  

You must stay here, Sophie.  Calucifer will protect you.  

I'll protect you from outside.  

Wait howl!  You can't go!  Stay with me, please.  

Next bomb attack is coming.  Calucifer can't defend from bomb.  

We better flee from here.  Don't fight!  

Flee?  I don't want to run away anymore.  

I finally found someone to protect no matter what it costs.  !  !  That is 
you.  

Howl!  

Our town's burning!  

Howl is there.  

Howl!  

Sophie!  .  .  Turnip head!  

Marker, come with me.  

Moving again?  That's impossible!  It's empty over there!  

He has to fight because we are here.  I prefer him as a coward.  

Granny, stand up.  

Are we gonna take a walk?  

But Saliman will find us immediately.  

She's found us already.  And I have to stop him before it becomes too late.  

Sophie!  The castle looks horrible outside.  

It always does.  Marker, you take care of granny.  

You're coming with us, too.  Ride on it.  

No, I can't.  I'm not allowed to move away from the fireplace due to the 
contract.  

If you can't, I can do it for you.  

No!  I'm fragile!  .  .  No!  Stop it!  .  .  You惻l kill me!  

If I get out of the house, it'll collapse completely.  I don't care.  

Let's go!  Keep away from me.  You should let me be the last.  

Even I don't know what will happen if I go out of the castle.  

That's why I told you It would collapse.  

It started raining!  

Is he going to the town?  Marker, you take care of granny.  

Hey, turnip head.  Would you find somewhere  we can enter?  

You'll be OK, granny.  I'll be with you.  

Marker, we can get in from here.  

It's leaking.  I'm dying. . .  

I'll be back soon.  

It's wet here.  

It's not dry!  

Marker, you bring granny over here.  

It's empty inside the castle.  

Even if we didn't move here, Howl and me could prevent the attack.  

Calucifer, please.  Only you can do it.  

I want to go to where he is right now.  Would you please move the castle?  

I believe you can do it.  I know you have such a great power.  

But there's no chimney, and there are few

dry woods either. . .  

Don't you know the proverb saying that a real professional does his perfect 
work no matter where he is?  

I know what you mean.  But. . .  Do you think I am?  

You are the most beautiful fire I've ever seen, Calucifer.  Granny, you can 
sit here.  

Can you give me something that is part of you?  

A part of ME?  

I need someone's contribution.  Your eyes will do.  

How about my hair?  

You are wonderful, Calucifer!  You are the best spirit of fire in the world!  

Give me your eyes or heart, so that I can be even more powerful.  Heart?  
Give me your heart!  

Heart?  Give me your heart!  

My goodness!  .  .  

Howl is over there!  He is surrounded by monsters!  

Calucifer, you're the best spirit of fire, aren't you?  

My goodness!  

Granny!  No!  

Give me your heart.  Immediately!  

Granny!  

I'm burning!  I'm burning!  Let Calucifer go!  

Let him go, or you are going to die!  No!  It's mine!  I'm burning!  

Sophie!  

Sophieeeeeeeeee!  !  !  

Hean, I did terrible thing.  I spread water over Calucifer!  

What should I do if Howl dies because of me?  

The ring is shining.  Is he still alive?  

Tell me where is Howl is right now!  

The door of the castle?  

Howl!  

I think I'm in his childhood right now.  

Howl!  Calucifer!  

My name is Sophie.  Don't forget about me!  I'll be catching up!  

Wait for me in future!  

I walk, Hean.  I do.  

Tears are coming down automatically.  

Howl.  

Sorry.  I had never been decisive.  

Howl, you'd been waiting for me. . .  

Please take me to Calucifer.  

Is he dead?  He'll be fine.  

Granny?  It's not my business.  I don't have anything.  

Please, granny.  

Do you really want this?  

I lost.  You'll keep it safe, OK?  Here you are.  

Thank you very much, granny.  

Calucifer. . .  

Sophie. . .  I'm exhausted. . .  

If he gets his heart back, are you going to disappear?  

I'll be OK, Sophie.  Maybe.  

You spread water over me, but Howl and me didn't die after all.  I'll give 
him back his heart into his body.  

Warm. . .  It's like

I'm holding a small bird.  

I haven't changed since childhood.  

I wish Calucifer will live another a thousand years.  .  

and Howl will regain his heart and spirit.  

I'm still alive!  I'm free!  

He moved. . .  He's alive!  

Calucifer's magic's gone.  

Turnip head!  

Turnip head!  Are you all right?  I'll find you a new stick.  

Turnip head.  You saved our lives. . .  

You saved me, Sophie.  

I'm a prince of your neighboring country.  

I had been turned into "Turnip head".  

Only way to dispel your curse was to be kissed by someone whom you love.  

That's right.  I would have been dead, if Sophie hadn't saved me.  

What a handsome boy you are!  .  .  

What's going on here?  

My goodness!  My body's really heavy. . .  

You got it!  Yes, because your heart is heavy.  See?  

Your hair. . .  It's like the color of stars. . .  

you're beautiful. . .  I love you, Howl!  

You can see Sophie's frame of mind?  At first, you have to go back to your 
country and stop this stupid war.  

Yes, I will.  

After war is over, I'll definitely visit her, again.  

It is said, "no one can ever decide which direction one's love goes. . .  ".  

I think you are right.  

I'll be waiting for you, then.  

I almost forgot about you.  What is your excuse?  

What do you think you were doing?  

Happy ending?  Is it what you're gonna say?  I didn't know you are such a 
Cassanova.  

Happy ending, huh?  

Arrange a meeting with prime minister and chief of staff.  

We have to work hard on finishing this pointless war.  

Calucifer!  Now you are free, Calucifer.  

I want to be with you guys.  I won't need to be worried about rain if I stay 
with you.  

Welcome back, Calucifer.  


Chihiro, Good luck - Till we meet again!

Chihiro... Chihiro, we're almost there.

I knew it was out in the country... Looks like we'll have to go shopping in the next city.

The Bay Area was the only place we could find.

Look, that's the elementary school.

Chihiro, that's your new school.

It looks like a nice school.

My old school was better...

No!  Nooooo!  Mom, the flowers are drying out!

It's because you've been holding them the whole time.

When we get home, just put them in some water.  They should be fine.

The first bouquet of flowers I've ever gotten.  It's too bad they were a going-away gift...

Hmmm?  You got a flower on your last birthday.

Just one, and I wouldn't exactly call that a bouquet.

Here, your card fell out.  I'll open the window, so please just sit still.  We'll be very busy today.

SPIRITED AWAY -- THE MYSTERIOUS DISSAPEARANCE OF SEN AND CHIHIRO

What?  Did I take a wrong turn?

That's weird...

Look, I think it's over there...

Huh?

The blue house on the corner.

Yeah, that's it.

We're one road down...

Can we get to our house this way?

No way.  We always get lost like this...

Just a little while longer, ok?

What were those piles of rocks that looked like houses?

Rock temples.  They're the Gods' houses.

Dad, are you sure you know the way?

Leave it to me!

Chihiro, sit down.

Honey, stop fooling around!

A tunnel!

What is this building?

It looks like an entrance...

Honey,

Let's go back... honey!

Chihiro...

Jeez

It's made out of wood, but it looks like a new building...

It's sucking in air...

What is it?

Want to go inside?  We can see what's on the other side.

No!  Let's go back.

Why, aren't you the little scaredy-cat...

Want to go inside?  Just a little?

The moving van is on its way to our house.

It's fine.  I gave them a key.

They can handle everything.

That's true, but...

No!  I don't want to go!

Dad, let's go back...

Come on, it's okay...

I'm not going!

Chihiro, please wait in the car.

Mom!

Wait!

Watch your step...

Chihiro, don't cling to me like that.  It's hard to walk.

Where are we?

Ah, you can hear it...

It's the sound of a train!

We must be close to a station.

Let's go, we'll find out soon enough.

There're houses around here?

There's no doubt.  This is a theme park.

In the 90's there were lots of plans for them, but many didn't succeed.

This is probably one of them.

What?  We're still going?  Dad, let's go back.

Hey!

Mom, that building's making noises...

It's just the wind.

This place feels nice.  I should have brought a sandwich from the car.

Looks like they tried to build a river here.

Do you smell it?

It's a wonderful aroma...

Oh, really?

Maybe someone is still in business...

Chihiro, hurry up...

Wait!

This way...

How disappointing.  Only food shops...

It doesn't look like anyone's here...

Over there!

Come on, come on...

This way, this way!

Wow, this looks great!

Excuse me, is anyone here?

Chihiro, come look at all this good food...

Excuse me?

It should be okay.  When they come back, we'll pay for it.

Yeah.  I wonder which one I should try...

I wonder what kind of bird this is...

Delicious!  Chihiro, it's really good!

I don't want any...

Let's go back, we're going to get in trouble...

It's okay.  I have my credit card and some cash.

Chihiro, come and eat.  It's nice and soft.

Here...

Thanks...

Mom!  Dad!

How weird...

A train!

You can't stay here!  Go back right now!

What?

Before it gets dark!

Leave right now!

Public Bathhouse

The lights just came on!  Hurry!

I'll buy you some time... Go past the river!

What's wrong with him?

Dad!

Let's go home, dad...

Nooo!

Dad!  Mom!

Mom!

Water?!

This isn't right... This must be a dream!

Wake up!  Wake up!  Wake up...

Stop it. <timer>

This has to be a dream...

Go away... Go away...

I can see through them?

A dream... This is definitely a dream...

No!

Don't be afraid.  I'm on your side.

No! No! No!

Open your mouth and eat this.

If you don't eat it, you'll disappear.

No!

Don't worry.

It won't hurt.

It's alright now.  Touch me.

I can touch you...

I told you so.  Now, come with me.

What about my mom and dad?  Where are they?  They're not pigs, right?

It's not possible right now, but eventually you'll see them again.

Stay quiet.

It's looking for you.

We don't have any time.  Let's run.

I can't stand up.  I'm too weak.

Relax.  Take a deep breath.

Give this child power, please...

Stand up!

*Wooden Door* No Entrance

*White flag* Public Bath

While you cross, don't breathe.

Even a little breath and the store owner will find out.

I'm scared.

Stay calm.

Welcome!  Welcome!

I'm back from training.

Welcome back!

Deep breath...

Hold it in...

Welcome!  We're waiting for you!

Just a little more...

Haku-sama,

where have you been?

What?  A human?

Stay!

Haku-sama.

Haku-sama!

Someone's here!  It smells like a human!

We've been spotted.

Sorry...

No, you did your best.

Tell you what...

They'll find us if we stay here.

I'll get their attention.

When I do, run away.

No!  Stay with me!  Please don't leave!

I have to stay in this world.

This is the only way to save your parents.

So I guess this isn't a dream after all.

Stay still.

We still have some time.

You can escape through the back door.

Go all the way to the bottom of the stairs, and go into the boiler room.

Grandpa Kama should be there.  Talk to him.

Grandpa Kama?

Ask him to let you work here.

Even if he says no, beg him.

Yobaba will find you if you don't get a job.

Who's Yobaba?

You'll know her when you see her.

She's a witch that rules this world.

Don't say "No" or "I want to go back," just say you want to work.

I know it's hard, but if you do this, Yobaba won't lay a hand on you.

Okay...

Haku-sama!  Haku-sama!

I have to get going.

Don't forget, Chihiro... I'm on your side.

How do you know my name?

I've known you since you were little.

My name's Hakura.

I'm right here!

frogs : Haku-sama!  Yobaba-sama said...

I know, that's why I was out...

Ummm, excuse me...

Ummm...

Are you Grandpa Kama-san?

Haku sent me.  Please let me work here?

Too much to do.

Little ones, it's time for work!

I'm Grandpa Kama, an old man used for kuroama  [ILLUSION]

Little ones, would you hurry up?

Ummm...please let me work here?

There's already more than enough help here.

I'm sorry...

Hold on a second...

You're in the way.

What do I do with this?

Can I leave it here?

If you're going to help, do it right!

Hey!! Little ones!  Do you want to turn back into a pile of ashes?

And you!  Don't interfere with their work and make it easier on them!

If they don't work, their magic will disappear.

There's no place for you here.  Go look somewhere else.

What!?  You guys have something to say!?

Work!  Work!

Food's here.

Are you guys fighting again?

Leave them alone.

Your bowl.

I told you to have it ready.

Time to eat!

It's a human!

People are talking about you up there!

It's my grandchild.

Grandchild?

She wants to work here, but we're full.

Can you take her to Yobaba?

She'll take care of it.

No way!  I'll get killed!

How about some burnt lizard?

Either way, in order to work, she needs to have a contract from Yobaba.

Hey kid, follow me.

Hey, can't you be more polite and say "Please help me" or something?

Oh, yes...

Come on, follow me.

Yes ma'am...

What are you doing holding your shoes? And don't forget to take off your socks, too!

Yes ma'am...

Hey! Don't you need to thank Grandpa Kama?

He helped you out, right?

Thank you very much.

Good luck.

Yobaba is on the top floor.

Hurry up,

Or you'll lose your nose.

We'll have to switch cars again.

Okay.

Almost there.

Welcome...

This elevator isn't going up.

Please find another one.

He's following us.

Stop being so nervous.

Here we are.

Please keep to your right.

Hmmm, Rin?

Yes?

Don't you smell something?

A human.  You smell like a human.

Oh, really?

I smell it, I smell it.

It smells kinda good.

Are you hiding something?

Tell the truth.

Is it this?

Burnt lizard!

Give it to me!

No way.  My sisters order this for me.  <timer>

Please, just a little?  At least a leg?

Sir, that's going up.

Please pull the lever?

You don't even knock!

Well now, what a rude child!

Now, come here.

Come here now.

Be quiet, would you?

Umm,

May I please work here?

Stop with your stupid talk.

What can I do with a weakling?

This isn't a place for humans.

It's a place for the Gods to get some rest and relax.

Look at your parents, eating our guests' food like pigs.

They deserved that.

You won't be able to go back to your world.

I should turn you into a piglet.

Hahahahahahaha!  You're shivering right?

But you came this far...

Who helped you?  I'll give them my compliments.

Who is it?   Tell me...

<timer>  Check the above line, esp. 296, sounds like there's something else at the beginning.

Oh, please let me work here?

You're still saying that?

I want to work here!

NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!

Why should I hire you?

You look like a weak, spoiled crybaby.

And stupid, to boot!

Why should I give you a job?

Or should I give you the hardest and most difficult job, and work you until you die?

<timer> Definately not getting the above lines to work right.

Stop it!  Oh, what happened?

Come on, be good now.

You're still here?  Hurry up and go!

I want to work here!

Don't make so much noise!  Ouch!

Oh, hold on, you're a good child.  Calm down.

Please let me work!

Okay, be quiet.

Awwww, good boy, good boy.

That's a contract.

Put your name there and I'll let you work.

But if you say, "I want to go home," or "No," I'll turn you into a pig.

Umm, do I sign here?

Yeah.  Stop stalling and sign it.

Oh, gosh.  What a stupid job.

Giving work to people...

Did you sign it?

Yes.

Hmmm.  Your name is Chihiro.

Yes.

<timer:  missed line?>

From now on, your name is Sen.

Okay, Sen?

<timer> check line 330, sounds like another line is there.

Yes ma'am.

Did you call for me?

This kid's going to work here from now on.

Take care of her.

Yes.

What's your name?

Chi... ah... It's Sen.

[ILLUSION - MISSED LINE, timer:  "Then Sen, come with me."]

Haku...

Don't say too much.

Call me Haku-sama.

Even if it's Yobaba's orders,

We still [excuse] humans  [ILLUSION]

She has a contract.

What?

Thank you very much...

Don't put her near us.  We'll smell nasty, like a human.

Her smell won't go away for 3 days.  ILLUSION

If she doesn't prove useful by then, burn her, boil her, do as you wish.]

Go back to work!

Where's Rin?

What?!  Are you going to put her with me?

You wanted a servant, right?

Go ahead, take her.

Rin : Geez.

Sen, go ahead...

Yes sir.

I can't stand this.

I want a raise.

Hurry up and go.

Come on.

You did quite well.

Since you seem somewhat dumb, I was worried.

Don't worry.  If you need help, ask me, okay?

Yes.

What's wrong?

My feet are tired.

This is our room.

Eat something, get some sleep, and you'll be okay.

Here are some clothes.

You have to wash them yourself.

Since you're so small...

These might be a little big.

Ms. Rin, umm...

What?

Are there two Hakus here?

Two?  If there were two of him we'd be in trouble.

He's Yobaba's servant, so be careful.

Strange...

I found it!

What happened?

Get a hold of yourself...

<timer:  missed line, sleeping woman (thing?)> Sounds like "Be quiet <shut up>.  What is it Rin?

What happened, are you sick?

Come with me.  I'll let you see your mom and dad.

My shoes are gone...

Thank you.

**Blue Board** Public Bath

Come on.

Dad!  Mom!

It's Sen!

Mom!  Dad!

Are they hurt, or sick?

No, they're probably just full and forgot that they were human.

<timer> check bleed on line above.

Dad, mom, I'll rescue you somehow.  Don't eat too much, or you'll fatten up and get eaten!

You should hide this.

Oh, I thought it got thrown away.

You'll need it when you go back.

I got this when I left my friends...

Chihiro?

That's my name...

Yobaba takes people's names and controls them.

Call yourself Sen, but keep your real name.

My real name was almost taken away... I would've been Sen...

When she takes your name, you'll forget the way back...

I can't remember mine, either.

Your real name?

But thats strange, I remembered you.

Here, you haven't eaten yet, right?

I don't want to eat.

I made it, so don't worry.

Here, eat.

It must've been hard.   Here, eat some more.

You can go back now, right?

Haku, thank you.  I'll try to stay strong.

Where did you go?  I was worried!

I'm sorry.

Move out of the way.

Sen, can't you put more strength into it!?

Rin and Sen.  From now on you have to clean the bath.

Isn't that the frog's job?

Orders are orders.

Just follow directions.

Umm, aren't you getting wet out there?

Sen, hurry up!

Yes ma'am!

I'll leave this open for you.

Rin, you have a new job?

Leave me alone.

Wow.  This hasn't been washed in a while.

We have to wash this mess.  It seems like it's stuck and won't come off.

Rin, Sen, our first customer will be coming soon.

Yes, almost done!

Damn, this won't come off.

Sen, go get some tonic and some tools.

Tonic and tools?

<timer> missed line 1

<timer> missed line 2

<timer> missed line 3

<timer:  missed lines.  Ren says something & Chihiro answers "Hai!" and Chihiro comes back and asks something else.>

What is that?  Something's here...

Something is hiding in the rain...

Like we can afford to waste things like that.

Good morning!

Did you sleep well?

For Catsura-sama...

Okay...

<timer> check above line.

Just rinse it with your hands.

<timer>  Line check.

Good morning!

Use your hands... hands...

But she said it had to be done with tonic.

Seems like you don't even know for sure.

guy : Have a nice day!

<timer> check line.

Yes?  Speaking!

Thank you very much!

Hey... no...

wait!

What happened?

Oh, nothing.

Something is coming.

A human?

That's what you need to find out, since Haku's not here.

Wow, he gave us a good one.

This goes to Grandpa Kama.

It's not crowded so people should be coming soon.

Pull this and the hot water will come down.   Try it.

You're really clumsy.

Wow, what a weird color.

It contains dried worms.

If it's something this strong, we won't have to rinse it.

When it gets full, pull it again and the water will stop.

You can let it go for now.

I'll go get some food.

Okay.

Umm, the bath isn't ready yet.

<timer:  missed line?>

You're giving this to me?

I don't need this much.

No, it's okay...

Oh my! <timer:  not there>

M'lady!

A monster?

Yes, a really big one!

<timer:  missed line.  Two creatures in front of yobaba talking>

Please go back.  Please go back.

Please go back.

Hmm, this wasn't what I sensed but...

Oh well, let him come.

<timer:  missed lines?  Baba talking>

Everyone, please leave!  Hurry!  Hurry!

Rin and Sen, Yobaba is calling for you.

Yes sir.

Do you get it?

It's your first job, so help take care of this customer...

Umm...

Don't talk back!

<timer:  missed lines?  Yobaba saying something?>

Goblin : It's here.

Stop that!  You're being rude to the customer!

Welcome....

Hope you're having a nice day...

Sen... Sen... hurry...

Yes ma'am...

What are you doing!?

Hurry up and show him the way!

Please come this way...

Sen!

Nasty!

The food!

Open the windows!  All of them!

Hold on a second...

How nasty.

This isn't something to laugh about.

I wonder what that girl will do?

Trying to get more water...

<timer>  Missed line. Goblin speaks.

Did you give her more money?

No way, what a waste.

Wow, that's a lot.

Sen!

Where are you?

Ms. Rin!

Are you okay?

I told Grandpa Kama to give you a lot of strong tonic for the bath!

<timer:  missed lines? Rin talking?>

Thank you!

Umm... There's a thorn or something stuck in here...

Thorn?

It's deep, and hard to get.

Thorn?  Thorn?

Go get a bunch of people down there.

Huh?

Hurry up!

Sen, Rin, thats not what you think it is!

Tie this to the thorn!

Yes ma'am!

Hold on tight!

Okay!

Stop stumbling around!  Hurry up and work together!

It's tied on!

Everyone work together!

Heave!

Heave!

Heave!

Heave!

Heave!

Heave!

A bicycle?

That's what I thought.

Now heave!

Heave!

Sen!  Are you okay?

Much better.

<timer:  missed lines? background talking>

Be quiet!  The customer is still resting!

Sen, you're in the customer's way!  Move!

Make way, he's leaving!

Sen, good job!

We're going to make a lot of money!

[I will add one for you Sen.]  ILLUSION

<timer:  More missed words>

Want some?

Thank you.

Well, well...

Haku wasn't here today...

Again with Haku...

Sometimes he just disappears.

According to the rumors, Yobaba makes him do horrible things.

I see.  <timer - check>

Rin, I'm going to turn it off.

Go ahead.

There's a town over there.  It looks like it's under a river.

Of course.  When it rains, it creates a river.

Someday I'll quit this job and go to that town.

What's the matter?

Gold!

Uhh... Hey, who are you?

You can't stay there if you're not a customer.

Gold!  Gold!

You can make gold!

Give me!

Give me some!

Anyone there?

It's past closing time already.

Hey you, I'm hungry.

That voice, you're...

Here's some money.  Take it.

I'm a customer.

And I want to take a bath, too.

Dad, Mom, I got this from the last customer.

If you eat it, you can return to normal.

Dad, Mom, where are you?

Dad!

What a bad dream...

Rin?

No one's here...

Wow, it really turned into an ocean!

I can see where my parents are from here.

Grandpa Kama is making fire.

Did I oversleep?

Gather a lot of food!

[Even old and waste]  ILLUSION

Bring a lot of food!

Sen!

Ms. Rin!

I was just about to wake you up.

Look at this gold I got!

A really good customer came!

I'm still hungry!  Keep bringing food!

What does the customer look like?

Sen, you come too.  Yobaba is still sleeping, so we have a chance.

I have to go to Grandpa Kama.

You shouldn't go there now.  He's in a bad mood because he got woken up.

Rin, lets go back.

Okay.

What if I can't recognize my parents?

I hope dad isn't that fat...

I've seen that before.

It's coming this way!

I wonder what it is?  It's not a bird...

Haku, get a hold of yourself!

Haku?

Haku!

It's just paper.

Haku, it's you right?

Haku, are you hurt?

The paper birds are gone... It's okay...

He's going to Yobaba's place!

What should I do?  Haku's going to die!

Come and beg and go along with this play...

Welcome!

Crowd yelling: Can I have some?  Can I have some gold?

<timer:  missed line, left man>

<timer> missed line

<timer:  missed line, right woman>

<timer:  missed line, frog on right?>

Hey, what are you doing?

I need to go up!

No, no.

Eh?  Blood!

Move!  Move!

Customer coming through!

Thank you for before...

What are you doing?  Hurry up and...

I don't want it, it's okay.

I'm busy, so excuse me...

Hey, everyone!  Calm down!  Calm down!

Stay back!  Stay back!

Sorry about that, she's just a new human girl...

Hey you, why are you laughing?

You just laughed!

<timer: missed line, guy speaks>

Yobaba!

My gosh, look what happened.

That must be No Face.

How dare he mess this up?

<timer:  a lot of missed lines here.>

You guys, take care of Haku!

<timer: one missed line here?>

Baby,

You're not sleeping in the bed again?

Oh, sorry!  Sorry!  You were being such a good baby, sleeping quietly.

I have work to do.

Be good and sleep.

Ouch!  Let go!

Oh, thank you for saving me.

I'm in a rush to go somewhere...

Can you please let go?

You came to spread bad germs.

What?

There are only bad germs outside.

I'm a human.  I know I might seem a little strange in this world.

It's bad for you to go outside.  Stay here and play with me.

Are you sick?

If I go outside, then I'll get sick.  So I stay here.

If you stay here then you will be sick.

Ummm...My friend is really hurt so I have to leave pretty soon.

Can you please let go?

If you go I'll cry.

If I cry Yobaba will come and kill you.

This weak hand will break pretty easily.

Ouch! Ouch! I'll come back and play with you...

No!  We play now!

Blood!  You see?  Blood!

Haku!!

What are you guys doing?  Shoo! Shoo!

Haku,

are you okay?  Haku?

Be quiet!  Haku?

Go away!  Go away!

No!

I don't care about a little blood.

If you don't play with me, I'll cry.

Please wait, you're a good kid.

If you don't play with me, I'll cry.

Please wait.

Please be quiet.

<timer:  missed line.  Yobaba twin>

Okay, you're a little dense.

<timer>

<timer:  missed line.  baby speaks.  "yobaba"?>

Can't tell the difference between me and your mom?

<timer:  missing line? Yobaba says something to baby.>

Now,

what should I do with you guys.

Be quiet about this, kid.

If you tell, something bad will happen.

Who are you?

Yobaba's twin sister.

Thanks to you, I was able to explore this whole place.

Now give me that dragon.

What will you do with Haku?   He's in a lot of pain.

He's my sister's servant, a dragon thief.

He stole from me.

Haku couldn't do such a thing.  He's a nice person!

Dragons are all nice and wise.

Take my sisters magic and become her servant.

<timer:  above line?  does it fit?>

<timer:  missing lines>

Now move out of the way.

This dragon won't survive anyway.

The stuff he stole from me had a curse on it that who ever took it would die.

No, don't!

What is up with these guys?

Stop that and go back to your room.

My guard was down...

Haku!

<timer:  missed line.  sounds like chihiro sound "dame", "don't"?>

<timer:  missed line.  Chihiro "Haku!">

What's going on?

Haku!

Hold on!

Haku!

Does it hurt?

This isn't good...

Haku, hold on!

What should we do?  Haku will die!

Something is eating him up from the inside.

From inside?

It's a strong magic.  I won't be able to help...

Haku, the River God gave me this.

Eat it and it might help.

Haku, open your mouth.

Haku, please eat it.

See?  It's okay...

Is that a dango?

You're a good kid, now swallow it...

It's okay...

<timer:  missed line, Chihiro speaks>

It came out!  That's it!

The stamp!

It ran that way!  That way!

Make a circle!   Make a circle!

Cut it!

<timer:  Is there some significance in what they're doing?  Some Japanese thing?>

Grandpa, this is Yobaba's sister's stamp.

A witch's stuff?

That's bad...

<timer:  missed line?  Kama speaks>

I thought so!

Grandpa, it's Haku!

Haku!  Haku!  Haku!

Grandpa, he's not breathing!

Looks like the curse isn't completely gone.

<timer:  recheck, might be an extra line here.>

Hopefully this will settle him down a little.

Haku came here suddenly from out of nowhere, just like you.

He said he wanted to be a wizard.

I disagreed, because being a witch's servant is no good.

But since he had no way to go home,

He became Yobaba's servant.

Day by day he looks worse and worse...

Grandpa Kama, I'll go return this to Yobaba's sister.

I'll apologize and try to get her to forgive Haku.

Please tell me where she lives.

Zeniba's place?

She's a scary witch.

Please,

Haku saved me.

Now I want to save Haku.

You might be able to go there but the way back...

Hold on,

I have it here somewhere...

Everyone, please get my shoes.

Sen!  I've been looking all over for you!

Ms. Rin!

Isn't that Haku?  Why is he here?

Who are they?

My new friends.

Yobaba's mad, and she's looking for you.

The "good customer" turned out to be a bad one.

She says you brought him in.

Maybe so...

What?!  Really?!

I thought he was a customer.

What are you going to do?

It ate 3 people already...

Here it is!

Sen, I found it!

Grandpa, we're a little busy right now...

You can use this!

Isn't that a ticket?  Where did you manage to get this from?

I had this ticket left over from 40 years ago.

Okay Sen, the 6th station called "Swamp's Bottom."

There?

Yes.  Anyways, the 6th station.

6th one.  Okay.

Don't miss it.  There used to be a return train but nowadays, who knows.

You still want to go?

Yes, I'll follow the railroad on the way back.

What about Yobaba?

I'll get going now.

Haku please wait until I come back.  Don't die...

What happened here?

Don't you know?  This is love... love...

It's getting bigger and bigger!

I don't want to be eaten...

Here she comes...

Sen!  Good!

Yobaba's getting too out of control for us to handle.

<timer: missed line, background speech>

Where is Sen?  Where is Sen?

There!  Hurry, hurry...

Mrs. Yobaba, here's Sen...

Slowpoke!!!

Here, sir, Sen is here.  Hold on a moment...

Took you long enough!

Take a lot of gold from him?

What's with that ugly rat?

Don't you recognize him?

Why should I?

I'm going now.

Take your time...

Will Sen be alright in there by herself?

You want to switch places with her?

Want to eat this?  It's good.

Want me to bring out more gold?

Come over here.  What do you want?

Name it.

Where did you come from?

I have to go to somewhere very soon.

You should go back where you came from.

You can't give me what I want.

Where do you live?

You have a mom and dad right?

No... I don't.

I'm lonely.  I'm lonely.

You don't know where you live?

I want Sen!  I want Sen!

Take the gold.

<timer:  missed line.  Chihiro says something, probably, I don't want/need it.>

I don't want it.

Take it.

Hey!

Before you eat me, eat this first.

I wanted to give it to my parents, but here...

Sen!

What did you make me eat?

Everyone move!

Take this!

I'm over here!

Over here!

I won't forgive her!

Sen!  Over here!

Over here!

Why are you calling it?

That thing is causing problems in there.

We need to get him out.

And take him where?

<timer: you sure that's all she says?>

I don't know.

What do you mean, you don't know?

He's following us.

Walk from here.

You'll find the station if you keep going.

Thank you.

You better come back!

Okay!

Sen, I called you dumb, but I take it back!!!

Hey, No Face!

Do something to Sen and I won't forgive you!

That's it!

The train came!  It's coming!

Please take me to "Swamp Bottom."

Do you want to ride too?

Please take him too?

Come here.

Stay still.

Grandpa...

Oh, Haku, you're awake?

Grandpa, where is Sen?

What happened?  Please tell me.

You don't remember anything?

I only remember a little.

Darkness, Chihiro kept on calling my name.

I followed the voice and woke up here.

Chihiro?  Her name is Chihiro?

How great is the power of love...

Gosh, stupid Sen!

What does she have to say for all this...

Because of Sen, we were all freed...

It was her fault anyway!

She took off and betrayed her mother!

<timer:  gee... more missed lines?>

Maybe we should make her parents into ham, or bacon...

---------------------------------------

---------------------------------------

---------------------------------------

---------------------------------------

---------------------------------------

Please wait.

Master Haku!

Well, well. You're still alive...

You still don't see it.  Something important has changed.

Since when did you get smart enough to talk back to me?

<timer:  missed line.  Frog says something?>

My boy!!  Baby!!  <timer:  don't hear these lines, listen again>

My boy!!  Baby!  Where are you?

Come out!!  Come out!!

YOU!!!!!

WHERE DID YOU PUT MY BABY!!!!!!!

Zeniba's place.

Zeniba?

I see.  The witch thinks she can beat me like that...

And?  What do you plan on doing about it?

I'll get your baby back.

In exchange, please return Sen and her parents to their world.

And after that what will happen to you!?  Do you care?

This should be the right station.  Let's go.

You can go on my shoulder...

Come in...

Thank you very much.

If you're going to come in, make it fast.

Come on.

You all came here from far away.

Umm...

I'll bring you some tea.

Mrs. Zeniba, this is the stamp Haku stole.

I came to return it.

Do you know what this is?

No, I don't, but it's really important to you,

And I came to apologize for Haku.  I'm sorry.

You were holding this and nothing happened?

The protector bug isn't on this...

Sorry, I stepped on it and killed it.

Stepped on it and killed it!!!

That's the bug my sister put into the dragon to control it,

And you stepped on it and killed it...

<timer:  I'm pretty certain she tells chihiro to sit down or something here, like:  "Here, sit down.  Oh, you must be No Face.  You sit too.",etc...>

Oh, you must be No Face.  Sit down.

Please turn these people back to themselves...

You two?  The magic wore off a long time ago.

Turn back whenever you want.

We're supposed to be twins,

but our opinions on things just don't agree.

<timer:  I think there's a line here>

What a bother. I want to help you too,

but I can't since it's the law...

<timer:  and another one here?>

About your parents and your boyfriend Haku...

But, may I at least get a hint?

Haku and I, it seems like we've met before...

Then your story's simple.

Once you meet people, it's hard to forget.

You just can't remember.

But it's late now, so go ahead and get some sleep.

Would you two help me?

Come on, keep trying.

Yeah, yeah, that's it.  You're great too.

If I make it with magic it doesn't mean as much.

Make a knot and continue like that.

Grandma, I think I'm going to go.

Because, while I stay here, Haku might be dying

and my parents might get eaten.

Just wait a little more.

Here... use this for your hair.

Wow, pretty!

It's all our love put together.

Thank you.

Good timing.  We have a guest.

Please open the door.

Ok.

Haku!

Haku!

I wanted to see you, are you okay?

I'm glad he's here.

Grandma, Haku was alive!

Haku, I'll forgive you, but take good care of Sen.

Now you two, it's time for you to leave.  Please come again.

And you, stay here, and help me.

Grandma,

thank you for everything.

<timer:  missed line, Zeniba says something>

My real name is Chihiro.

Chihiro.  That's a nice name.  Take care.

Thank you.

Now, go on.

<timer:  missed line, Chihiro, "un"/Yes>

Grandma, thank you!  Goodbye!

Haku, listen.

I heard this from my mother but, when I was small I fell into the river.

<timer:  more lines not here>

But that river was replaced with a mansion.

That river's name was Kohaku River.

Your real name is... Kohaku River.

Chihiro, thank you.  My real name is Nigihayami Kohakunus.

Nigihayami?

Nigihayami Kohakunus.

What a great name!  It sounds like a god.

I just remembered.  The time you fell into me, you almost drowned.

Yeah!  Kohaku, you saved me, and brought me to the shore.

I'm so happy...

They came back!

You came back with my baby, right?

Wha--?

Baba!

Are you okay?  Are you hurt?

You can stand on your own now?

Mrs. Yobaba, it's a promise, please return Chihiro and her parents!

It doesn't work like that.  In life, there are laws!

Shut up!

Stingy Baba.  Just stop.  I had a lot of fun.

But this is a law, the curse can't be broken.

If you make Sen cry, I'll hate you.

What?

Grandma!

Grandma?

<timer:  missed line.  Chihiro says something>

The curse CAN be broken.

I heard about the law from Haku.

Hope you're ready for it.

Here's your contract.  Come over here.

Baby, it'll be over soon.

It's okay.

Find your parents in here.

You have one chance.

If you get it right on the first try, you guys are free.

Grandma, my parents aren't here.

They're not?  Is that your answer?

Yes.

Good answer!!!

Good job!  Great!

Everyone, thank you!

Go on.  You win.  Hurry up and go!

Thank you for taking care of me.

Goodbye!

Thank you!

See you again!

Haku!

Let's go...

Where are my mom and dad?

They're up ahead...

The water's gone...

I can't go this way.

Just go back through the way you came in but don't look back until you exit the tunnel.

Haku, what about you, Haku?

I'll have to talk to Yobaba, and quit working with her.

I'll be okay, and I'll get my real name back.

I'll be back in the other world.

Will we meet again?

Yes, hopefully. -- Hopefully? -- Hopefully...

Now go on.  Don't look back...

Chihiro!

What are you doing?  Come on!

What?

Mom!  Dad!

Don't just go running off like that.

Let's go.

Mom?  Is anything wrong?

Huh?  The moving van has already arrived.

Chihiro, come on.

Watch your step.

Chihiro, don't cling to me like that.  It's hard to walk.

Here's the exit...  Huh?

What?

Dang, the inside of the car is filled with dust.

A prank?

Maybe.

Thats why I said not to go!

Alright, alright, it's okay.

Chihiro, we're going.

Chihiro, hurry up!

Itsumo Nando Demo [Always, Time after Time]
Lyrics by Wakako KAKU    Sung by Yumi KIMURA

It's calling, somewhere deep in my heart.
I want to have an exciting dream always.

There are countless sorrows,
But I will surely see you beyond them.

Every time one makes a mistake,
One just knows the blue of the blue sky.

It looks that the path continues to no end,
But these arms can hold the light.

My silent heart in the time of farewell,
The body that becomes zero listens carefully.

The mystery of being alive, the mystery of going to die,
It's the same with flowers, winds, and towns.

It's calling, somewhere deep in my heart,
Let's make a dream, always and time after time.

Rather than count the number of sorrows,
Let's sing softly with the same lips.

In the closing memories,
I always hear the whisper that I do not want to forget.

Even on a shattered mirror,
A new landscape can be reflected.

The morning of the beginning, the quiet window.

Fill up the body that becomes zero.

I no longer look for it over the sea.

The shining thing has been here always,
I have found it in myself.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

[Shun stands trembling in the middle of a street. There are invaders all
along the street, each going about human-like activities, like buying
vegetables. Suddenly, they all turn to look at Shun. He gasps. An
invader smiles at him. Shun snaps. Screaming, he brings out his bokken
and opens his gate.]

Shun: Vacuum Missile! [everything goes white as he unleashes his power
onto the invaders]

[Shun stands, gasping for breath.]

Shun: Take that. [His eyes widen as he sees dead forms lying on the
street. They're all human. His lips tremble when he spots two he
recognizes.]

Shun: Saemi... 'kaa-chan... [He drops his bokken in horror.] What?!

[Shun wakes up in bed. He sits up, still breathing hard]



|------------------------------------------------|
|  Ep Title: "Break the Pitch Dark Gate"
|------------------------------------------------|



[Shun and Ruriko are silently walking to school.]

Ruriko: [brightly] Apollo 11 will be arriving to the moon tomorrow.
That's so exciting. Do you think animals live there? I don't think we'll
find rabbits or anything.

[Shun doesn't respond. He's lost in his own thoughts.]

Ruriko: Ukiya-kun... Fukuoka-sensei was an invader.

Shun: I don't care about that.

[Ruriko just looks at him. A female voice pierces the air.]

Girl: NOOO!

Guy: Come on, you cutie pies.

Other Guy: Let's go do something fun.

[Ruriko and Shun stop and spot two female schoolmates, surrounded by
guys with motorcycles]

Girl: No way!

Other girl: Go away!

Guy: I want to touch your body.

Ruriko: That's Isogai and Takanashi. [Shun still looks on] Ukiya-kun!

[Shun gets startled into action, but stops when he sees the guys turn
into invaders]

Ruriko: What's the matter? Ukiya-kun?

Shun: I know!

Ruriko: If you can't do it, Ukiya-kun, I'll do it!

Shun: Shut up! I'm going to...

Ruriko: Forget it! I'll do it. [She prepares to go into action, but
stops when another voice intervenes]

Voice: Stop that!

Guys: Who's that? Where are you?

[Someone jumps onto the pipes behind the two girls. Hereon referred to
as "Shades guy"]

Guy1: Who the heck are you?

Guy2: You want to say something?

Shades guy: [hero-like pose, hands on hips] I don't care if society's
garbage like yourselves go crazy and die. But I won't tolerate you
causing trouble to people around you!

Guy1: Stop your nonsense!

Guy2: I'll defeat you, so don't talk!

Shades guy: [to the girls] I'll take care of this. Run away.

Girls: Hai! Thank you! [they run]

Shades guy: [throws his jacket into the air and jumps to fight the guys]
Come on!

[As the air slowly falls back to earth, and Shun and Ruriko look on,
there are sounds of fighting. Finally, the jacket falls low enough to be
coolly caught in the upraised hand of Shades guy. That is, right before
he falls over in defeat. Shun and Ruriko gasp.]

Guy1: He's so weak!

Guy2: He just wants to act cool. [They all leave on their motorcycles]

Ruriko: [runs to Shades guy] Are you okay? [kneels by him] Can you get
up?

Shades guy: Y-yes. [weakly begins to get up]

[The two girls peer around a fence, and run to him]

Girl1: Sumimasen!

Girl2: Sumimasen desh'ta!

Shades guy: I can't stand people like that.

Girl1: It was our fault!

Girl2: Arigatou guzaimash'ta!

Ruriko: Ukiya-kun, can you help us?

Shun: Huh? [looks down]

Shades guy: [smiling, but looking battered] You should have helped me if
you were watching from there.

Shun: [glares, then,] There's no point being cool if you can't produce
good results.

Ruriko: You don't have the right to say it!

Shun: Ore wa... Ore wa... (I just... I just...)

Shades guy: [fully upright now] He's right. Results are everything. I
wanted to protect you so you're both safe. What else do you need to
consider? [hugs the two girls gently, and they blush]

Shun: That's not all! If you want to protect people, you need to defeat
the evil! Or else they'll attack you. That's why I...

Girl1: [to Shades guy. They're apparently not listening.] Thank you...

Ruriko: Ukiya-kun...

Shun: Darn! [runs off]

Ruriko: Ukiya-kun! (to the trio) Gomen nasai! (Excuse me.) [picks up her
bag and runs after Shun] Matte yo! (Wait!) Ukiya-kun!

[Shades guy looks after them, still looking pretty battered.]



[In AEGIS HQ]

Shirei: A person named Yasutaka Fukuoka doesn't exist in this world?

Staff member: Hai. We've researched history.

Shirei: But you found his register.

Staff member: School certificate, citizenship and other things were
found.

Shirei: That means he never spent his childhood here. But he was born
into society to become a schoolteacher.

[Flashback of what happened in the previous episode. Fukuoka teaching,
putting on his 'invader' glasses, attacking as a red invader, Shun
killing him, Megumi picking up his red crystal]

[Shirei sets down a file]

Shirei: Citizenship, teaching license, he couldn't have done it himself.

Staff member: Shirei, it's more than we can imagine.

Shirei: We need to think of ways to secure our base better.

Staff member: Hai.

Shirei: Ochiai-kun, what about the report?

Ochiai: Hai. [flips through her report] I've asked the students to
describe Mr. Fukuoka. They all said one thing in common. They all said
that... um... [hesitates]

Shirei: He was a jerk.

Ochiai: Something like that. Shirei, did you notice that too?

Shirei: Yes.



[Back in school, in class 2-A]

[Student chatter]

-Did you hear about Fukuoka-sensei?

-No.

-Yeah, he quit.

-Class B was talking about that.

-Some family matter, or something.

-That's great.

-He was pretty mean.

-He used to favor people too. [Shot of Megumi]

[Shot of Shun, sitting quietly in his seat. Ruriko looks worriedly at
him.]

[Sound of scraping chairs]

Student: Stand. Greet. Sit down!

Teacher: Don't get too relaxed because summer is here. It doesn't mean
you can relax during the summer. Before we start the class, I'll
introduce a new student. Oi, come in.

New student: Yes.

[Ruriko gasps. Isogai and Takanashi, the two girls that were attacked
previously, blush in delight. Shun looks up and gasps. The new student
is the Shades guy they met that morning.]

Shades guy: Hello. I'm Reido Kageyama. Nice to meet you all. [Shades guy
hereon referred to as "Kageyama"]

Teacher: He was living in different countries before he came here.

[Through out the day: Kageyama finishes computing a complex math problem
on the board, smiling humbly. Everyone is amazed.]

Fei's voice: Aya! Is this Kageyama guy really cool?

[Kageyama kicks a scoring shot in soccer/football]

Ruriko's voice: I don't know if he's cool, but he's nice and polite.

[Kageyama is greeted by his cheering teammates]

Ruriko's voice: He's smart and good at sports. He can do everything.

[Kageyama sits by a tree, surrounded by girls]

Kaoru's voice: And?

Ruriko: What?

[Picture of a smiling Kageyama]

Kaoru: What do you think about him, Ikusawa-senpai?

Ruriko: What do you mean?

[The girl gate keepers are hanging out  on the school roof top]

Kaoru: Is he nicer than Ukiya-senpai?

Ruriko: Why are you bringing his name up? Ukiya-kun hasn't with it
lately.

Fei: Is he still upset about the invader?

Ruriko: Mmm, I think so. But he needs to be strong because he's a
leader.

Kaoru: I understand Ukiya-senpai's feelings, though.

Fei: That's right.

Reiko: So, desu ne... (that's right)

Fei: It's hard when you know the person.

Reiko: So, desu ne...

Ruriko: They do look like humans, but they're machines and invaders.

Megumi: [who's sitting a little apart from the four girls] Demo, (But,)
he was the only person who understood me.

Ruriko: Kurogane-san...

Megumi: I liked him a lot.

Ruriko: Why are you in the gatekeepers then?

Megumi: Class leader, top of the class, beautiful and rich. I didn't
want you to be any better than me.

Ruriko: [looks down] What do you think, Reiko-sama?

Reiko: So, desu ne...

Ruriko: Reiko-sa  --

Reiko: So, desu ne... [Ruriko sees Reiko has fallen asleep]

[They all become silent.]



[By the baseball field, where a team is practicing. Shun's leaning
against the wall.]

Shun: I wish I were in a club.

Kageyama: Hey!

Shun: You were here?

Kageyama: You're Shun Ukiya, right? I was looking for you.

[There's something in Kageyama's eyes. Shun looks back, wondering what
he wants.]

Kageyama: It's so hot...

Shun: It's summer! Of course it's hot. You weren't living here.

Kageyama: [chuckles] I'm talking about you.

Shun: What?

Kageyama: Boiling hot. More than magma. The sun that shines in the sky.

Shun: What are you talking about? It's nonsense. See ya. [begins to
leave]

Kageyama: You're losing yourself.

Shun: [stops] Nani?

Kageyama: You said you need to defeat the enemy.

Shun: What about it?

Kageyama: You're losing yourself, though. You're not confident in your
mind. [comes closer to him] Aren't I right?

Shun: [turns back to face Kageyama] I'm not losing myself!

Kageyama: If I were you, I'd do what I believed to be right.

Shun: [smirks] You can't even fight against the weak punches of a gang.

Kageyama: [voice becomes intense] Don't let that bother you. It won't
give you good results.

Shun: That's enough. Yamero! (stop it!)

Kageyama: If you really want to protect-

Shun: Yamero!

Kageyama: Even if you were to sacrifice-

Shun: Yamero! [he clenches his fist] Yamero! Yamero! Yamero!

Kageyama: You don't want your hands to be covered in blood!

Shun: I said stop! [begins to wind up for a punch at Kageyama]

[Someone hits a baseball. It heads full speed towards Kageyama's back.
Kageyama is smiling as he moves his head slightly to the side and
catches the wayward ball with his bare hand, all without even looking
back or seeing it.]

[Shun sees the deed, and stops, startled]

Kageyama: [smiles, back to his 'nice' self] I'm sorry. Maybe I said too
much. [tosses the ball to Shun] Ja.

[Shun catches the ball, still stunned as he watches Kageyama run off. He
looks at the ball.]

Shun: What ability! He was faking this morning.

[A special tone rings through out the school]

Announcer: This is from the office to the special class members. Please
gather at the appointed place. This is from the office to the special
class members. Please gather at the appointed place.

[The gatekeepers all jump into their special transportation chutes.
Ruriko in a storage shed, Reiko under some gym mats, Reiko through a
toilet stall, Megumi under a teacher's desk, Fei under the wooden
platform by a chalkboard, Bancho through the flower garden. All the
gatekeepers arrive in AEGIS HQ in their automized chairs, with the
exception of Bancho, who runs to catch up. Shirei arrives, and the
gatekeepers stand.]

Shirei: Hmm? Where's Ukiya-taishoo?

[Shun arrives at that moment]

Shun: Sorry I'm late.

Ruriko: [disapprovingly] Mou, what were you doing?

Shun: It's none of your business.

Ruriko: Why are you talking like that? You're a leader!

Shirei: It doesn't matter.

Ruriko: Sumimasen.

Shirei: The invaders group has appeared at the oil refinery in Kawasaki.

Ochiai: If the factory is destroyed, these areas will be damaged.

[A point glows red on the map, then starts spreading outwards]

Shun: Huh? That's near my house.

Gatekeepers: What?

Ruriko: Shirei, please let me take the lead in this project. Ukiya-kun
is emotionally unstable. He won't be able to handle it.

Shun: Iya, I'll do it!

Ruriko: But-

Shun: I'll destroy every one of them.

Ruriko: Shirei!

Shun: Shirei!

[There's a silence.]

Shirei: I'll let Ukiya-taishoo take the lead.

Ruriko: Shirei...

Shirei: You need to stop the invaders and protect the city.  Go on, Gate
Keepers! [does a finger-pointing scene]

Gate Keepers: Ryoukai, AEGIS!



[A sand storm starts up in the school as a part of the school building
lifts up. Shun's in his car, revving up.]

Girl in helmet: [once again holding down her skirt] Oh, so wild! [Shun
speeds past her] So wild!



[In the GK bus, where the rest of the gatekeepers are]

Ruriko: He's speeding.

Kaoru: He's worried about his family.

Ruriko: I understand that, but he can't try to do this by himself.
Ukiya-kun...



[While Shun's speeding along, Ochiai and Shirei talk privately]

Ochiai's voice: Shirei...

Shirei's voice: This is a path you can't avoid when fighting the
invaders. They need to overcome it with their own intention.



[Shun arrives at the oil refinery]

Shun: The bus is up on its side!

[Invaders rise up out of nowhere]

Shun: There you are. Gate Op- [he spots some motorbikes lying nearby. He
recalls the guys on motorbikes who were ganging up on his classmates]

Shun: [looks a bit shaken up] I'll destroy the evil! Gate Open! [Green
gate comes out, and Shun gets out his bokken] Let's go, Vacuum Missile!
[Shun gets a vision of the invaders in their human forms. He stops,
taken aback]

[A giant chain-saw-like invader pops up]

Chain saw: Unite with the nucleus. [All the invaders hop towards the
chain saw to unite]

Shun: Wait! [He steps in something] Gas...?

[Evil laughter echoes through out the refinery]

Shun: Who is it?

[The enemy is on top of a building next to the chain saw. It's Kageyama,
but he has his shades on this time.]

Kageyama: [His sunglasses glint] I don't have a name to give you... some
jerk who can't take a shot as his enemies.

Shun: Nani?

Kageyama: Gatekeepers, I was expecting more but this is all you can do?
[snaps his fingers] Kill him.

[The last of the invaders fuse with the chain saw, and it starts up and
comes closer to Shun. Shun backs up, but falls on the ground. The chain
saw gets closer, about to cut Shun, when it hits upon an invisible
shield, which glows green. The chain saw backs off]

Shun: What's this?

[The shield around him flashes green and crackles. Shun looks back to
see Megumi, using the gate engine.]

Megumi: [smiles smugly] I'm better than Ikusawa-san.

Kaoru: Gate open! [Blue gate appears] Dash and kick! [The chain saw
groans as a part of it chips off]

Ruriko: Arrow of light!

Fei: Fire panda!

[Both the arrow and fire panda hit the chain saw in succession, and the
invader dissolves into crystals]

Bancho: We did it!

Kageyama: [laughs] So all the bugs have arrived.

Ruriko: Bugs?! What do you mean by that?

Reiko: We only have that guy to fight.

Shun: Yeah. I'll destroy him.

Ruriko: You're scared.

Shun: I'm not scared!

Ruriko: They look like humans but they're just fighting machines.
[readies her bow]

[Kageyama starts to raise his hand in an arc. Everyone is startled]

Kageyama: Gate open! [a black gate appears in front of him]

Shun: The black gate? (kuroi geeto?)

Ruriko: What? Then...

Megumi: He is a human.

Fei: Aiyaya!

Reiko: I can't believe that.

[The black gate disappears]

Kageyama: Shadow Edge! [he throws down a torrent of black pellets at the
gate keepers. They dodge it and the pellets hit the oil on the ground,
splattering them with oil instead.] Did you think you're the only ones
who could open the gate? You belong to AEGIS, and I'm a gatekeeper with
the invaders. Why don't you kill me? A gatekeeper just like you. [He
laughs] Another human being. [He takes out a lighter and lights it.] You
can't do it. You can't do something like that. But I'm different from
you. [Shun gasps when he realizes what Kageyama is going to do] People
other than me are just like ants on the street.

Shun: [grits his teeth] Nani?

Kageyama: [laughs again] I'll burn you all! [lifts lighter into the air]
You dirty, unwanted bugs!

Shun: [points bokken towards Kageyama] Matte!

Kaoru: Senpai!

Ruriko: Ukiya-kun...

Fei: Taishoo-san... You can't kill a human!

Shun: Humans or invaders, evil is evil.

Kageyama: Hmph. You can't do it.

Shun: Yes I can! I won't tolerate a person who doesn't value people's
lives. [Eyes spiral with green] Vacuum [Kageyama gasps] Missile! [the
blast from Shun's bokken towards Kageyama. Instead of destroying
Kageyama, however, it hits his hand and destroys the lighter]

Kageyama: [stunned, then begins laughing maniacally] I look forward to
the next time! The time you put a hole in my chest! [he disappears into
the floor]

Ruriko: Ukiya-kun...

Shun: I couldn't defeat him. I'm a failure...

Ruriko: No. Our job is to protect people. Ukiya-kun, I think you've done
a good job.

Shun: [softly] Rurippe...

[Ruriko comes closer to Shun, her eyes fixed on his face]

Ruriko: Ukiya-kun... I've never noticed it but... [she lifts a hand to
caress his cheek]

Shun: Rurippe! What are you doing? [he blushes]

Ruriko: [gently] You're calling me Rurippe! [her voice shows her
irritation near the end of the sentence while her hand on Shun's cheek
shifts from a caressing position to a pinching one. She pinches his
cheek hard.]

Shun: Ouch!

Ruriko: It's this mouth! It's this mouth!

Shun: [yells in pain] Sumimasen!

[The rest of the gatekeepers simply laugh]



[Back in school]

[Kageyama is by a tree, surrounded by girls once more.]

Girl1: You injured yourself?

Kageyama: I tried to save someone again, and look what happened!

Girl2: [sympathetically] That's not nice!

Kageyama: Iya, I don't mind as long as I can save people like you.

[Shun approaches the bunch]

Kageyama: Hey! [apologetically] Sorry about yesterday. I didn't mean to
make you mad.

Shun: Iya. I'm sorry too. You can't be indecisive. There are many ways
to solve things. But you're right.

[Kageyama comes closer to Shun, and offers him his right hand, which is
bandaged]

Shun: You're injured. Your left hand is fine. [They 'shake' hands]

Kageyama: [smiles] Arigatou. You're kind.


[Voice over a transmission line.]

-They've taken the first step. ...it's not too far, but it managed to
get back up... [Other transmissions begin to jumble together with the
voice]

[scenes from space; a guy in a spacesuit goes down a ladder; picture of
a footprint, presumably on the moon]
